doc(open meetings): add four open meetings (#658)
eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io: community/open-meetings.mdx

## Regular meetings

<MeetingInfo title="Office Hour"

>              schedule="Every Friday effective 16. Feb 2024 until 31. Dec 2024 from 01:05 pm to 02:00 pm CET (UTC +1)"

Reviewer: Defining CET should be sufficient enough, so I'd remove the "(UTC +1)".

Author: changed

             description="Open hour meeting for all interests. The goal of the meeting is to inform and share information about different topics."
             contact="stephan.bauer@catena-x.net"
             sessionLink="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_MDFiNDJjMmQtNjFkYi00ODdjLTk2NDgtZGMwNTRmYzg3NzM0%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%221ad22c6d-2f08-4f05-a0ba-e17f6ce88380%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22a8b7a5ee-66ff-4695-afa2-08f893d8aaf6%22%7d"
             meetingLink="/meetings/office-hour.ics"
/>

<MeetingInfo title="NewJoiner - Office Hour"

>              schedule="The second Friday of every month effective 8. Mar 2024 until 31. Dec 2024 from 02:05 pm to 03:00 pm CET (UTC +1)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             schedule="Every second Friday of the month effective 8. Mar 2024 until 31. Dec 2024 from 02:05 pm to 03:00 pm CET (UTC +1)"
```

Author: changed

>              description="Open hour meeting for all new joiner. The goal of the meeting is to provide an easy entry on all topics. The meeting will only take place if specific questions have been submitted."

Reviewer: Whom to submit the questions/topics?

Author: first place -> Stephan Bauer -> lets play a little bit and after some meetings we can switch.

             contact="stephan.bauer@catena-x.net"
             sessionLink="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_ZjAzYzVjZGEtZjEwNC00NDI5LWEwODEtN2RhNmI0NDEzNTI2%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%221ad22c6d-2f08-4f05-a0ba-e17f6ce88380%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22a8b7a5ee-66ff-4695-afa2-08f893d8aaf6%22%7d"
             meetingLink="/meetings/newjoiner-office-hour.ics"
/>

> <MeetingInfo title="Committer - Office Hour"

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "Committer Office Hour" is the right name for this meeting. It is meant as a meeting for Committers to discuss Eclipse Tractus-X and/or Committer related topics. I'd name it more generic, e.g. "Committer Meeting".

>              schedule="The third Friday of every month effective 16. Feb 2024 until 31. Dec 2024 from 02:05 pm to 03:00 pm CET (UTC +1)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             schedule="Every third Friday of the month effective 16. Feb 2024 until 31. Dec 2024 from 02:05 pm to 03:00 pm CET (UTC +1)"
```

Author: changed

>              description="Open hour meeting for all committers. The goal of the meeting is to discuss and share specific committer tasks/responsibilities."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             description="Open hour meeting for Eclipse Tractus-X committers. The goal of the meeting is to discuss and share specific committer tasks/responsibilities."
```

Author: changed

             contact="stephan.bauer@catena-x.net"
             sessionLink="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_ZjlmNTc5MjMtN2Y2YS00YjliLTg3NTItNWE1MmMzMWUzNmYw%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%221ad22c6d-2f08-4f05-a0ba-e17f6ce88380%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22a8b7a5ee-66ff-4695-afa2-08f893d8aaf6%22%7d"
             meetingLink="/meetings/committer-office-hour.ics"
/>

<MeetingInfo title="Security - Office Hour"
             schedule="Every 2 weeks on Thursday effective 15. Feb 2024 until 31. Dec 2024 from 08:35 am to 09:30 am CET (UTC +1)"

>              description="Open hour meeting, hosted by the sig-security team of the catena-x association. The goal of the meeting is to follow-up on security incidents, request review and assignments, and progress through security tools and procedures."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
             description="Open hour meeting, hosted by the sig-security team of Eclipse Tractus-X organisation. The goal of the meeting is to follow-up on security incidents, request review and assignments, and progress through security tools and procedures."
```

Reviewer: Eclipse Tractus-X is no organisation like the association, IMHO. I'd remove that and link to the sig-security repos instead:
```suggestion
             description="Open hour meeting, hosted by the [sig-security](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/sig-security?tab=readme-ov-file#readme) team. The goal of the meeting is to follow-up on security incidents, request review and assignments, and progress through security tools and procedures."
```

Author: will change it. thx.
